they all got that first to that second
set and here's how in the blood thickens
in terms of admin here now here in terms
of the second test 15 to 14 blocking
they blocked better because they were 0
in the first set to all service through
the none in the first set because 5 USC
0 at the nail unforced errors 76 well
the last service case by Sathya Kelvin
did was the one that gave the set to at
the nail now we are tied at one setup
isla de Malaga gets us going here in set
number three yes yeah sorry after the
first set some paya doing better in the
second set she leads now the scores of
at the nail 11 in left 5 fares 3
Ferreira
per USD double arrow still continuing
with 12 mais OU 8 and caridina file
that's what I able to get the first
point there earlier here's my so all
temporary you exactly which is going to
go turn the honeypot in shock so much
power by I don't and that is the exact
word to describe this a power fight by
the captain itemize Oh Heather head
above the net already that time brought
to us by DSL tied at one but some
changes in the lineup of coach Shack
Meru vanity claw now here now playing
for you and there will be a problem at
the network patches that was never
nudged according to our referee so USD
now up to two one Mahabharata class you
mentioned seeing her first action Dido
one of the more talented the freshmen
that USD has found of course here's
another one right here tin pin Santiago
by the two we have yet to see Mary Jean
Balsas play for us P monster optic
nerves combination evil satanic Arlene
opanka Casa vasila that's right Oh
Corrado Ortiz on the quit night long my
Soriano
at the nail plain basic volleyball right
now take a look at the super ticket
block brought to us by Mikey bond that
was just single blocking actually from
my jaw no Ateneo is now taking the lead
here's Gretchen ho oh it's not rested in
this game and doing a good job at that
wise are using her right hand that time
here staying lit hey let's try to keep
it alive and Gretchen ho almost kisses
me on the logo a good block there by
eyes amide oh right by the girl let's
leave it you can see the effort
positioning came it OA purple semifinals
toe but you can see the intensity is
like what we're going to expect from
these two teams in the semi-finals
toreano
Pharrell are smart we're
imagining terms of attackers when I was
up there with the Sun painting let
saying that was actually winding up to
get it and who let the girl Attila Londo
and they are leading again arena yeah
well she's known for that right I mean
she's probably the most offensive minded
setter in the league right now here's
Colette oh she's offensive minded all
the time
looking good for as an air here in the
third set it's a scary concept the field
Anglet is still growing in terms of
peaches she's about five foot seven
already now she's 18 years old probably
when she reaches 20 she's be around 510
hopefully personnel that respond a
tickler to 17 years old getting let
attacking again today I saw the role
sloppy play for USC and at the nail will
take advantage of that take a look at
this right now
you would not imagine it if it's fun how
many pizzas got to be shaking she would
not imagine that Ateneo was down in the
first step by 13 0 the way they're
playing right now
mais autograph that time parrell here's
parity claw saga by Acevedo kind left oh
there will be a violation here there is
a back line attacker who was the
backline attacker thank you thought
about light attacker 17 de la Bernardo
who said that probably the Libero
I don't know anything I'd see that
today I've got to talk however
seven to four right now Sophia kelvins
it is now starting to warm up Excel as
the official outfitter of the Shakey's
v-league Phil st. Merced kinglet I serve
myzel and that goes through each other
for the ellos deben
a lot of options for us see the front
row not working let's go to itemize Oh
Vincent cha go back and run USD opting
to go all Filipino so to speak no
imports and it might or might not work
for them at the Korean ports of other
they are starting to really really
contribute to the lady goes nothing I
was up by three we'll be right back